Next, we're going to look at this meter, right score meter, as you see here, so the idea is that
we're going to have this pill like structure.
And inside we're going to have a linear gradient that will that will be filling up as we get our questions
answered.
OK, so it's very simple and at the end is going to show the actual score as we get our answers correct.
So instead of questions here what it can do.
Let me close this down.
So we have more space.
We're going to create another composable.
I preview first.
And then when I call this show progress and I'll have to pass a score, it's going to be an inch.
And for now, it's going to be 12, just so we have something.
And then here I'm going to create a row.
And pass the modifier.
You a general pattern of three deep.
And, Phil, my max width as well as height, I'm just going to give it about 45 deep, so I'm putting
together this structure here first.
It's going to just have a row inside of it.
I'm going to add other items.
OK, OK.
So next, I'm going to actually save border the width of this border, let's say four deep and I'm going
to add a brush.
So again.
I want to now put together this structure here, this border, just like we did before here I.
And so I say brush linear gradient.
There are different kinds of gradients, but we use linear and we have has two colors here.
It's going to be a list of colors, a list of.
And we're past the colors.
Well, nothing very exciting here.
I'm going to go with colors when I use the same and light purple and again and light purple like this.
OK, so I'm using the same colors.
This pasta shape, and I'm going to say rounded corners, shape, it's going to be about 34 dpi.
All corners.
All right.
I'm going to say that clip clip the shape is going to be rounded corners shape.
So top start percent is going to be 50 so rounder than usual.
And so the same thing we did before.
Nothing should be surprising here.
Bottom two percent then let's give a background and say color that transparent.
Continue here still, instead of our row, by the way.
Let's give a vertical alignment.
A line, a center of vertically.
All right.
OK.
There is you can see we have the structure.
So what we need to do next is to make it so that inside now we're going to have we are going to have
this gradient that will dynamically grow.
OK, so what I'm going to use because I want to make sure that it looks exactly like this, which means
it's going to be inside who will look like it's inside of this pill like structure user interface.
OK.
So I figured the best way to do this actually will be to use a button because a button will have all
the properties that I want, even though I don't want to click event.
But it will have this round corner, which I can't use, and then I'm going to restructure two button
side.
So it looks something like that.
OK.
It's just a design choice.
All right.
So inside of our row here, I'm going to say Button don't need to pass anything, you know, click so
it content.
Content padding.
And we'll say padding values and parts in this gear, just one that deep.
So if you have it over here, it's going to say when we pass it content padding, that means the content
inside is going to create a padding of all along, all four edges.
So that's what we need.
You will see later because we are trying to create something inside that will look very natural inside
of our pill like structure there.
OK.
Let's add modifier fill max with this point that was going to live right as it is.
And the background color when it is brush.
And in this case, I'm going to have to pass a gradient.
The reason why, as I see this is the idea, is that we're going to have this very nice gradient of
that color kind of pink to purple.
Now, I could pass the grade in here, but I'm going to create a vowel outside so we can for it, I
say vowel gradient.
Can you use a brush and linear gradient in this case, going to pass the list of colors?
And I have already these colors when I just talked about what color the first color is going to be zero
x.
F f you to pass the f because that is the alpha.
The opacity or transparency of the color.
Then I'm going to say this long.
75 like this.
And then pass another color.
This has to be color and colors.
All right, there we go.
So now I have migrating here, so it's going to be, as you can see, there are the colors are showing
here, this kind of pink tuchus, I would say light purple.
So that gradient is going to be passed right here now because we're using a button and button has many
other properties we have over.
For instance, you will see it has content padding, which we added border shapes, elevation and traction
enables and many other things.
The other thing I want to do is, for instance, I want to make sure that this button is enabled to
false because I don't want this to be clickable.
So after our brush here or background, I can go ahead and say enabled to follow because clickable and
elevation, I'm going to just give and null because I don't want to show any material elevation at all.
All right.
And then I'm going to change the colors because buttons have certain colors, like when they're on the
clipped and so forth.
So we want to kind of turn that off everything off so that we just have a structure like this.
So I'm going to use buttons, button colors I see go ahead and import that.
And for the background.
Once they color that transparent, get rid of all of that and disabled the green color at all, it's
going to be color, not transparent.
Let's take a look.
All right.
Very good.
It's looking really good.